Edits -- documentation home page (#52)
brainlife/docs: docs/index.md

# What is Brainlife?

brainlife.io promotes engagement and education in reproducible neuroscience by providing an online, community-based platform where users can publish code (Apps) and Data while integrating HPC and cloud-computing resources to run Apps. brainlife.io also allows users to publish all of the research assets associated with their projects that are embedded in our cloud-computing environment and referenced by a single digital-object identifier (DOI). Our platform is unique because of its focus on supporting scientific reproducibility beyond open code and open data -- brainlife.io also provides fundamental smart mechanisms for what we call “Open Services.”

> Below, you’ll learn about the main panel of tools you’ll encounter as soon as you log into brainlife.io. While these run-throughs are brief, you’ll learn much more about each feature as you review the rest of brainlife’s documentation.

Reviewer: @shmcgavin going over the
```suggestion
Below, you will learn about the main panel of tools you will encounter as soon as you log into brainlife.io. While these run-throughs are brief, you’ll learn much more about each feature as you review the rest of brainlife.io’s documentation.
```

Reviewer: Hi @shmcgavin thanks for this! I would prefer if we could avoid contracted forms (we'll or you'll etc.)

Author: @francopestilli sorry,  I wasn't sure if I was supposed to resolve these edits but sounds good! I'll making sure not to use contractions as I keep working through documentation.

> If you have any questions, don’t forget to reach out to us on the [brainlife.io slack channel](https://brainlife.io/docs/contact/)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, do not forget to reach out to us on the [brainlife.io slack channel](https://brainlife.io/docs/contact/)!
```

# Brainlife Apps

brainlife.io uses Apps to analyze data. Apps are small programs that can process data individually or be made part of a larger series of steps in a full data analysis workflow.

> Anyone can develop, use, combine, and reuse Apps to build complex pipelines for customized brain data analyses on the platform. You can publish apps to be used privately or shared publicly with the brainlife.io community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone can develop, use, combine, and reuse Apps to build complex pipelines for customized brain data analyses on the platform. You can publish apps to be used privately or shared publicly with the brainlife.io community. Combining multiple Apps allows for high-throughput data processing and aggregation across thousands of datasets.
```

# Brainlife Projects

> The best way to manage your data is with brainlife’s Projects feature. Here you can organize your datasets, perform data processing, and share results with your team by granting varying levels of access to members of your group. Projects can be public or private.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to manage your data is with brainlife.io’s Projects feature. Here you can organize your datasets, perform data processing, and share results with your team by granting varying levels of access to members of your group. Projects can be public or private.
```

Reviewer: @shmcgavin I think we tend to use brainlife.io not brainlife. Am I wrong?

Author: @francopestilli yes, but sometimes when I add the possessive apostrophe and "s" it looks a little messy. But if you don't like that change, I'll remember to always keep the ".io"

# Brainlife Publications 

> Once you finish processing your datasets and producing your data derivatives, you can publish them. A new publication creates a snapshot of your datasets and is archived on brainlife.io for at least 10 years. Anyone can access your publication page and download your datasets without logging into brainlife.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a Project is mature, the data is analyzed and all the derivatives generated, a portion of the Project can be made public via a brainlife.io publication. A brainlife.io publication creates a snapshot of your datasets and Apps archived on brainlife.io for at least 10 years. Anyone can access your publication page and download your datasets without logging or reuse the Apps and data on brainlife.io.
```

# Brainlife Datatypes

Think of brainlife Datatypes as the way brainlife Apps communicate. A Datatype defines the expected list of filenames or the directory structure that an App can use as input or generate as output. Typically, multiple Apps use the same Datatype to communicate through their input and output datasets and reuse data to generate more data derivatives. Datatypes help join Apps together to form a pipeline or workflows.

brainlife Datatypes are maintained by individual developers and are updated at [https://github.com/brainlife/datatypes](https://github.com/brainlife/datatypes).

# Brainlife Datasets

Our Datasets feature offers more than 300 datasets that users can import. This feature was established as part of a project that brainlife.io is collaborating with DataLad on. brainlife.io’s Datasets feature allows you to select and import the DataLad datasets you need from our list.

# Brainlife Resources

> We know it takes a lot of computing power to run workflows. That’s why brainlife allows users to work with data and computers across a mix of cloud systems and high-performance computing clusters (HPC). Both brainlife users and compute resource providers can register a compute resource that is publicly available to the entire brainlife community or privately available to certain users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We know it takes a lot of computing power to run workflows. That is why brainlife.io allows users to work with data and computers across a mix of cloud systems and high-performance computing clusters (HPC). Both brainlife.io users and compute resource providers can register a compute resource that is publicly available to the entire brainlife.io community or privately available to certain users. 
```
